---
layout: default
title: m1s
nav_exclude: true
---

the boss will open with quadruple crossing, which will target the closest 4 players with a cone aoe twice. the baited cones apply a slashing vuln debuff which will result in death if hit by 2, so the party will have to divide into 2 sets of 4 players to bait. after both sets of cleaves, the boss will follow by again sending 2 sets of 4 cone aoes, first where the first set were baited, then where the second set were. simply stand away from where the first set were baited, then move if necessary to avoid the 2nd set.

the boss will cast one-two paw, which will cleave one half of the arena, then the other, telegraphed by the glowing claws at her sides. the boss will then spawn 2 clones, who will repeat the same set of cleaves as the boss. this will leave a small pizza slice of the arena safe, then dodge through the boss to the pizza slice on the opposite side. as you dodge to the second safe spot, the boss will start casting either quadruple swipe or double swipe, signifying a support/dps pair stack, or a light party stack on healers, respectively.

the boss will tether left or right, and start casting leaping quadruple crossing. this will cause the boss to jump to the position tethered, then repeat the first mechanic’s baited cleaves. this time, on the second non-targetted cleave, she will repeat either dos/support pairs or light party stacks, whichever she casted during the clones.

the boss will recenter, then start casting mouser, indicating aoes on various squares around the arena. each square will be hit once, and all but 4 will be hit twice. when a square is hit once, it cracks, then when hit again, will break and fall, leaving a hole. dodge into a square after it gets hit, and make sure you end up on a square that wont be hit a second time. the final safe squares will form a zigzag pattern through the middle. 4 squares will reform whole, leaving either 2 rows or 2 columns safe.

copycat will spawn an add either north or west, whichever is the end of the safe squares. this add will perform one of 2 attacks, repeated 4 times, on each of either all supports or all dps. each attack will happen twice. one player will be marked with a paw mark over their head to indicate who is being targeted. regardless of which attack the clone is charging, when it hits the targeted player, it will also hit all tiles in a vertical and horizontal line of the player, doing small damage and unsurvivable knockback to anyone hit (you can anti-knockback this if desired). if the add raises her glowing left arm, she will slam down and damage the platform the targeted player is standing on. if the platform was already cracked, it will fall through and the player will die. if the add crouches down and her right arm glows, the targeted player will be knocked into the air and forward one square’s worth of distance. when that player lands, the square they land on will be damaged, and will fall through if already cracked. after 4 attacks, the boss will start reforming the outside edge platforms and charging a knockback. this knockback cannot be prevented, but can be cancelled with a movement skill. 4 platforms will be forming faster, a pair each on opposite corners. get knocked into one of those corners, then spread out to resolve the spread aoes on each player after.

the boss will tether left or right and start casting one-two paw. she will then jump to where she tethered and perform the telegraphed cleaves. take note of which direction she jumps and the order of the cleaves. a clone add will spawn just north or south of center, facing inward. this clone will store the same left/right jump and cleave combo the boss just performed.

the boss will face inward and once again tether left or right, and will cast quadruple crossing. this is the same 2 sets of 4 baited cones, followed by non-baited cones. take not of which direction she jumped, as she will now spawn another clone that will store the jump/cleave combo she just performed.

the boss will tether to one of the 2 clones, indicating that one will cast it's stored mechanics first. after the first one is finished resolving in it's entirety, the second clone will then resolve it's stored mechanics.

4 people will get red triangle markers, indicating they will be targeted with point blank spread aoes. this ensures that they cannot be the first set of people to bait cones. the add will jump in the stored direction from earlier, and the 4 people not marked will bait cones(note that these cones originate and are baited from the ADD, not the boss), then the 4 who were originally marked swap in to bait theirs. the 4 not marked originally will get red triangle markers, and their spreads will resolve at the same time as the second non-baited aoe. make sure if you have the red marker to stay away from any other players at the time it resolves.

the boss will start casting a light party stack line aoe on each healer. the add will jump in the stored direction and cleave perform the left/right cleave combo from earlier. the stacks will resolve at the same time as the first cleave, so start on the safe side, then move across to dodge the second cleave after the stacks go off.

the boss will recenter, and start casting mouser again. this is identical to the first, but the safe spots will be rotated. if it was 2 rows safe first, it will be 2 columns safe now, and vice versa.

the same add as before will spawn, and will perform the same 4 attacks, this time on the opposite role as before. if it was dps the first time,it will be supports now, and vice versa. this time, however, each time a player is hit by the add, the boss will also cast one of 2 attacks (each one twice, but not necessarily tied to the attacks as the add). overshadow is a full party stack, and splintering nails will hit one player of each role with a cone aoe. you can safely be hit by a cone even if it is not baited on you, but you cannot take 2 cones, and the damage is not shared by the people taking it. after 4 sets of boss and add attacks, the outer platforms will once again begin reforming, and the boss will charge a knockback and spread aoes.

the boss will charge raining cats, and 2 tethers will spawn. the tethers can be intercepted and traded. the tethered players will be hit with a cone aoe and will recieve a slashing resistance down debuff, this will ensure that if they are hit by a second tether aoe, they will die. the closest and furthest player will also each be targeted with a stack aoe. the tether and stack aoes will happen at the same time and will happen 4 times each.

the boss will recenter, and start casting predaceous pounce, indicating large circle aoes with line aoes connecting them. after she finishes casting these will resolve in sequence, and midway through, the boss will recenter and start casting one-two paw. avoid both the large circles, and the left/right half-room cleaves.

the boss will recenter, and start casting mouser again. this time, she will hit all tiles twice, breaking them all and serving as her enrage.
